{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red218\green119\blue254;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red83\green85\blue2;\red255\green39\blue18;\red226\green226\blue226;\red109\green109\blue109;\red217\green11\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue153;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10380\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\
CONVERSATION BENCH
\b0 \
\
\cb2 MELANCHOLY\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.\'94  E. A. Poe\
\
\'93I felt that I breathed an atmosphere of sorrow.\'94  E. A. Poe\
\
Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December,\
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.\
Eagerly I wished the morrow; \'97 vainly I had sought to borrow\
From my books surcease of sorrow \'97 sorrow for the lost Lenore \'97\
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore \'97\
Nameless here for evermore. E.A. Poe\
\
\'93I don\'92t know what\'92s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you\'92ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/11072.Daniel_Keyes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Daniel Keyes}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/3337594"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Flowers for Algernon\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Melancholy were the sounds on a winter's night.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6765.Virginia_Woolf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Virginia Woolf}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/3272732"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Jacob's Room}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93What if everything in the world were a misunderstanding, what if laughter were really tears?\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6172.S_ren_Kierkegaard"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 S\'f8ren Kierkegaard\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Melancholy is the happiness of being sad.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/13661.Victor_Hugo"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Victor Hugo}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Melancholia is, I believe, a musical problem: a dissonance, a change in rhythm. While on the outside everything happens with the vertiginous rhythm of a cataract, on the inside is the exhausted adagio of drops of water falling from time to tired time. For this reason the outside, seen from the melancholic inside, appears absurd and unreal, and constitutes \'91the farce we all must play\'92. But for an instant \'96 because of a wild music, or a drug, or the sexual act carried to its climax \'96 the very slow rhythm of the melancholic soul does not only rise to that of the outside world: it overtakes it with an ineffably blissful exorbitance, and the soul then thrills animated by delirious new energies\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/112534.Alejandra_Pizarnik"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Alejandra Pizarnik}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93I wish to cry. Yet, I laugh, and my lipstick leaves a red stain like a bloody crescent moon on the top of the beer can.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4379.Sylvia_Plath"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Sylvia Plath}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/3094683"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Lie still, lie still, my breaking heart; \
My silent heart, lie still and break: \
Life, and the world, and mine own self, are changed \
For a dream's sake.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/143178.Christina_Rossetti"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Christina Rossetti}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93The gods are strange. It is not our vices only they make instruments to scourge us. They bring us to ruin through what in us is good, gentle, humane, loving.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3565.Oscar_Wilde"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Oscar Wilde}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/21904715"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 De Profundis}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Stigmata of Love\
A light which lives on what the flames devour,\
a grey landscape surrounding me with scorch,\
a crucifixion by a single wound,\
a sky and earth that darken by each hour,\
a sob of blood whose red ribbon adorns\
a lyre without a pulse, and oils the torch,\
a tide which stuns and strands me on the reef,\
a scorpion scrambling, stinging in my chest--\
this is the wreath of love, this bed of thorns\
is where I dream of you stealing my rest,\
haunting these sunken ribs cargoed with grief.\
I sought the peak of prudence, but I found\
the hemlock-brimming valley of your heart,\
and my own thirst for bitter truth and art.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/44150.Federico_Garc_a_Lorca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Federico Garc\'eda Lorca}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93Name me no names for my disease,\
With uninforming breath;\
I tell you I am none of these,\
But homesick unto death \'97Homesick for hills that I had known,\
For brooks that I had crossed,\
...Before I met this flesh and bone\
And followed and was lost\'85 .And though they break my heart at last,\
Yet name no name of ills.\
Say only, "Here is where he passed,\
Seeking again those hills.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/59991.Witter_Bynner"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Witter Bynner}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/12985098"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Grenstone Poems: A Sequence}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93My melancholy is the most faithful mistress I have known; what wonder, then, that I love her in return.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6172.S_ren_Kierkegaard"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 S\'f8ren Kierkegaard}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/25733"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Either/Or: A Fragment of Life}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i0 \cf5 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ALONE\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Farewell until eternity, where you and I shall not find ourselves together." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/153341.Comte_de_Lautr_amont"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Comte de Lautr\'e9amont}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/157685.Les_Chants_de_Maldoror"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Les Chants de Maldoror}})\
\
"I sought a soul that might resemble mine, and I could not find it. I scanned all the crannies of the earth: my perseverance was useless. Yet I could not remain alone. There had to be someone who would approve of my character; there had to be someone with the same ideas as myself. It was morning. The sun in all his magnificence rose on the horizon, and behold, there also appeared before my eyes a young man whose presence made flowers grow as he passed. He approached me and held out his hand: \'93I have come to you, you who seek me. Let us give thanks for this happy day.\'94 \cf6 \{x\}\cf3 But I replied: \'93Go! I did not summon you. I do not need your friendship\'85 .\'94 It was evening. Night was beginning to spread the blackness of her veil over nature. A beautiful woman whom I could scarcely discern also exerted her bewitching sway upon me and looked at me with compassion. She did not, however, dare speak to me. I said: \'93Come closer that I may discern your features clearly, for at this distance the starlight is not strong enough to illumine them.\'94 Then, with modest demeanour, eyes lowered, she crossed the greensward and reached my side. \cf6 \{x\}\cf3 I said as soon as I saw her: \'93I perceive that goodness and justice have dwelt in your heart: we could not live together. Now you are admiring my good looks which have bowled over more than one woman. But sooner or later you would regret having consecrated your love to me, for you do not know my soul. Not that I shall be unfaithful to you: she who devotes herself to me with so much abandon and trust \'97 with the same trust and abandon do I devote myself to her. But get this into your head and never forget it: wolves and lambs look not on one another with gentle eyes.\'94 What then did I need, I who rejected with disgust what was most beautiful in humanity!" \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/153341.Comte_de_Lautr_amont"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Comte de Lautr\'e9amont}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/157687.Maldoror_and_the_Complete_Works"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Maldoror and the Complete Works}})\
\
"I've never been lonely. I've been in a room -- I've felt suicidal. I've been depressed. I've felt awful -- awful beyond all -- but I never felt that one other person could enter that room and cure what was bothering me...or that any number of people could enter that room. In other words, loneliness is something I've never been bothered with because I've always had this terrible itch for solitude. It's being at a party, or at a stadium full of people cheering for something, that I might feel loneliness. I'll quote Ibsen, "The strongest men are the most alone." I've never thought, "Well, some beautiful blonde will come in here and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll feel good." No, that won't help. You know the typical crowd, "Wow, it's Friday night, what are you going to do? Just sit there?" Well, yeah. Because there's nothing out there. It's stupidity. Stupid people mingling with stupid people. Let them stupidify themselves. I've never been bothered with the need to rush out into the night. I hid in bars, because I didn't want to hide in factories. That's all. Sorry for all the millions, but I've never been lonely. I like myself. I'm the best form of entertainment I have. Let's drink more wine!" \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/13275.Charles_Bukowski"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Charles Bukowski}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf5 \cb2 STOIC\
\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat4 \trwWidth12500\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth12300\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf7 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/17212.Marcus_Aurelius"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Marcus Aurelius}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30659.Meditations"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Meditations}})\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
"It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/4918776.Seneca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Seneca}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/97413.The_Stoic_Philosophy_of_Seneca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters}})\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 "For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it?\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys." \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/4918776.Seneca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Seneca}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/97413.The_Stoic_Philosophy_of_Seneca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
"You desire to LIVE "according to Nature"? Oh, you noble Stoics, what fraud of words! Imagine to yourselves a being like Nature, boundlessly extravagant, boundlessly indifferent, without purpose or consideration, without pity or justice, at once fruitful and barren and uncertain: imagine to yourselves INDIFFERENCE as a power\'97how COULD you live in accordance with such indifference? To live\'97is not that just endeavouring to be otherwise than this Nature? Is not living valuing, preferring, being unjust, being limited, endeavouring to be different? 
\b \cf9 x
\b0 \cf3  And granted that your imperative, "living according to Nature," means actually the same as "living according to life"\'97how could you do DIFFERENTLY? Why should you make a principle out of what you yourselves are, and must be? In reality, however, it is quite otherwise with you: while you pretend to read with rapture the canon of your law in Nature, you want something quite the contrary, you extraordinary stage-players and self-deluders! In your pride you wish to dictate your morals and ideals to Nature, to Nature herself, and to incorporate them therein; 
\fs34 you insist that it shall be Nature "according to the Stoa," and would like everything to be made after your own image, as a vast, eternal glorification and generalism of Stoicism! With all your love for truth, you have forced yourselves so long, so persistently, and with such hypnotic rigidity to see Nature FALSELY, that is to say, Stoically, that you are no longer able to see it otherwise\'97and to crown all, some 
\fs28 unfathomable superciliousness gives you the Bedlamite hope that BECAUSE you are able to tyrannize over yourselves\'97Stoicism is self-tyranny\'97Nature will also allow herself to be tyrannized over: is not the Stoic a PART of Nature?... But this is an old and everlasting story: what happened in old times with the Stoics still happens today, as soon as ever a philosophy begins to believe in itself. It always creates the world in its own image; it cannot do otherwise; philosophy is this tyrannical impulse itself, the most spiritual Will to Power, the will to "creation of the world," the will to the causa prima." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/1938.Friedrich_Nietzsche"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Friedrich Nietzsche}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12321.Beyond_Good_and_Evil"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Beyond Good and Evil}})\
\
\cb2 MARVELOUS\
\cb1 \
\cb4 "The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existence. One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality. It is enough if one tries merely to comprehend a little of this mystery each day.\
\
\'97"Old Man's Advice to Youth: 'Never Lose a Holy Curiosity.'" 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 LIFE Magazine
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  (2 May 1955) p. 64" \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/9810.Albert_Einstein"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Albert Einstein}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \'93To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand. This is the sport, the luxury, special to the intellectual man. The gesture characteristic of his tribe consists in looking at the world with eyes wide open in wonder. Everything in the world is strange and marvelous to well-open eyes.\'94 \
\uc0\u8213  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/36647.Jos_Ortega_y_Gasset"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Jos\'e9 Ortega y Gasset}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/3065822"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The Revolt of the Masses}}
\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing,\
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before;\
But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token,\
And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, "Lenore?"\
This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, "Lenore!" \'97\
Merely this, and nothing more.\
\
Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling,\
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore.\
Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou," I said, "art sure no craven,\
Ghastly grim and ancient raven wandering from the Nightly shore \'97\
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night's Plutonian shore!"\
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."\
\
E.A. POE\
\
"Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/1221698.Neil_Gaiman"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Neil Gaiman}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16240792-make-good-art"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Make Good Art}})\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\i0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 "Life is short, Break the Rules.\
Forgive quickly, Kiss SLOWLY.\
Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably\
And never regret ANYTHING\
That makes you smile." \
\'97 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/1244.Mark_Twain"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Mark Twain}}\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/w/williamsha164317.html?src=t_inspirational"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs40 \cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 We know what we are, but know not what we may be.}}
\f2 \cf10 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/w/william_shakespeare.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf11 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec11 William Shakespeare}}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\b0 \cf10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure\'85than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat. \
T. Roosevelt\
\

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360
\cf3 \
}